= About =
This project aims to solve simple problem : backup rotating.

= How it should work =

Simple using scenario :

== On local host ==
- For new backup you create directory in pickup dir
- New backup is being made in that directory. Multiple files are allowed
- Checksums are filled ( option -f )
- Backup i locally rotated to backup dirs
== On remote host ==
- Backups are transferred to remote host pickup dir (use rsync, scp or other)
- Checksums are calculated, only verified backups are being processed option -w)
- Backups are rotated on remote host

== Pickup dir ==

New directories consisting of backups should be put into backups/pickup dir.
Directory name should be formatted as ISO8601 time.
This will be used as backup creation time during processing.

== Storing dirs ==

In conifg.php you can configure many storing dirs.
Directories from the pickup dir will be linked to the storing dirs according to storing-dir configuration.

=== Storing dir configuration ===

* rotate - rotation algorithm
* rotate_opts - rotation algorithm configuration options ( depending on the algorithm )
* clean - cleaning algorithm
* clean_opts - cleaning algorithm configuration (depending on the algorithm)

==== Rotating algorithm ====

===== grouped =====
This algorithm groups backups by token based on creation time. This token is configured by `group` option. For every group the oldest backup is picked.  If there is backup in pickup dir older than actual backup, it is also picked. Value of group configuration is used as param to [[http://php.net/manual/en/function.date.php| date()] function.

Examples :
- 'Y' yearly
- 'Ym' monthly
- 'YW' Weekly
- 'Ymd' daily
- 'YmdH' Hourly

==== Cleaning algorithm ====
===== count =====

Throws out all the backups over the `count` value.  It throws oldest backups. _IMPORTANT_ If you have duplicates in group rotating (many backups in the same group) it can rotate oldest backups and throw them out.

= TODO =

== Wish list==

* Signing / checking signatures on Checksums file ( GPG - signatures)

* Running backup checks after pickup
* Scheduling additional checks after some time
